some simple facts about me right so I
called my PhD from u Waterloo back in
2012 major Union cartography like my
research was focused on lied to be
cracked ography basically make it
feasible for IOT constraint devices so
some of my research has been
standardized by nist yeah you know after
just like a four and half year doing
most like academic research type stuff I
think like an industry is interesting so
I you know join Google stay there for
half year leading lots of projects some
of you maybe you heard about like HTTP
to certificate transparency like you
know SSL everywhere crime and breach
attacks yeah also having found the
engineer for the load balancer product
like Google Cloud has right now and then
I moved to Hoover stay there before you
know a little bit more than one year
leading a team to do lots of security
privacy regulation stuff so if your
happen to be a blueberry user and don't
worry about it all your data is actually
protected by me and my team and my
system behind ya don't worry
and then after that I found the aisle
tax right so that's where are we right
now
back in connect 17 so this presentation
is about making your home not spying on
you I think it's a very interesting like
a use case we were building and also we
see like a very strong synergy between
IP ifs and file coin okay so let me jump
right into this one so basically we're
surrounded by billions of inter
intelligent Internet connected devices
so which are observing and recording us
all the time and all the systems are
here information you know from our homes
about ourselves is actually getting
collected and used you know by either
Google Amazon or like a corporate
intermediaries or like a hackers where
they can do data bridge so the dream for
smart safe on the private future is
strengthened
basically by this intrusive surveillance
which a lot so we have bad news
negativity is about this camera some
lots of smart home devices right so
that's a problem and which you fix it so
that's why I found the aisle tax back in
2017 with two other co-founders so we're
in Menlo Park so you guys so you know
feel free to come by it was kind of when
every office and we have 30 ish you know
top people from from you know Google
uber Facebook and also
top universities so the girl file tax is
basically to build like an open platform
for the internet of trusted things we
want you know power those smart and
connected devices you know very trusted
why trust their way and enable like an
interaction of these physical things and
digital things all together allow them
to change the information you know value
and so on so if you want to take a look
so here is our key hub some of the
research papers we do have and here the
here is a trader so back to the
security-camera business right so there
are basically like a two type of
concerns we are saying right now so the
first one is like a security concerns
it's mostly because the also like your
credentials you know login password
whatever is located in a very
centralized system which might be buggy
which might be vulnerable and also users
input of this password could be very
weak that leads to database breach you
know liquid-liquid your password liquor
your video data so on and so forth so
that's a security concern we can't
characterize and other one is like a
privacy concerns so that comes with the
fact that all your video data is
actually hosted by you know Google
Amazon and even some of the device
manufacturers so they have the chance to
you know to really look into your data
to see what is going on why is so
interesting maybe feed is to the machine
learning algorithm you know to trying to
do some magic stuffs so definitely like
not something you will be super
interesting it right so that that's also
like a privacy concerns right to fix
this one
III think like we have the right
technology already so that's why we
partnership with a camera manufacturer
actually in Asia and we together like we
we have made this few can basically we
design redesign the entire architecture
and we you know design underlying crypto
protocols so this this device has been
like attributed in CES are this year and
also in this innovation work the whole
idea is basically like a you as owner
should own your home data home video
data right okay so
do you have like a shot very short
introduction video about you can from
the per product perspective can't really
lets you own your privacy but you can
app supports multiple you cans which are
all accessible in the Home Dashboard
each you cam comes with its own set of
controls so you can customize your
experience with two-way audio 1080p live
stream video and pan tilt and zoom
controls you'll never miss a thing
you can also set up motion detection
alerts and record video on demand even
while you're on the go
your motion detection clips and video
recordings across all of your cameras
are stored privately in your own
personal data vault you can search for
old videos based on date and time and
also download and share these videos
seamlessly with other users with you cam
you are in full control of your data you
can choose to delete it view it or share
it at any time the you can map not only
has great functionality but it also has
great customizability each you cam has
granular settings that can be tailored
to your lifestyle for example you can
set motion detection alerts to be active
only at specific hours you can also set
you can to record continuous footage to
a local SD card in your settings you can
also see yeah I think that's that's
pretty much about the funk so yeah as
you can see as a product is a
state-of-the-art home camera eight
cameras with all the fancy features it
should have but you know behind this
camera there are actually four very
innovative technologies we have put into
so the first one is like a user centric
key management so the main idea here is
like have a user to control lots of
things let me dive down I have a slide
for that and also because of this user
century cooking McKee management control
we can enable entering encryption
between the camera and the user and of
course we want to create like a digital
tree that is a very fireball so that's
why we also Barry raise you know
GIP technology and the most importantly
is like this storage you know has to be
user only right not anyone else so
that's why I think I reserve this most
important important part for the last
definitely like a we see a very strong
synergy between ipfs and the five coin
here so this is like a very high level
architecture how things look like behind
the same right so you have multiple
parts they sit like a user has app the
app basically serves as a wallet it
accommodates like a private key user
generates and this private key is used
used to derive other keys that terror
waits the camera then all the camera
data actually gets encrypted the moment
it gets captured right so any of the
user who have just you know trying the
private key can access the data the same
as any you has a private key can access
your Bitcoin once it's you know you lost
your private key in the everything scrap
so that's that's very enough and we have
done some you know device management
Park on the on the public blockchain and
we now use like a third party vendor
they provide is p2p service especially
for the camera and the app talking with
each other you know regardless like a
weird assets maybe a camera within your
home network those mobile app is in the
45 G network so this part is still like
a from a third party we are going to
kill it you know yeah more by using like
a multi centralized one then all the
encrypted you know videos are actually
gets uploaded to the remote storage
places for long option wha we have for
the user is like cloud storage like a s3
which is very familiar to a lot of
customers so they are just normal people
right so they don't understand too much
about this technology so they can use
cloud if they want but most importantly
is option two we do want have this
option here for very advanced users or
maybe very Travis your users right but
putting their data onto ipfs and file
code so that's that that's why we're
having this this is conversation with
the protocol at works
yeah so let me go through like this four
pillars just one by one I'm talking
about the storage Park and last so the
user centric key management basically
means two things right so the first one
is we remove the centralized
authentication server from the entire
picture so there's no such a place user
you know password or maybe a password
harsh gets stored without username so
user have to you know click and it's
done something to that service to get a
token back so we remove that part
completely by using like a modern public
key cryptography as you like a challenge
a response type of protocol so that's
that's one and then second one is like I
kind of mentioned so this encrypted key
is actually generated in the app and
which has been encrypted to use a master
key and send to the camera in a p2p
fashion where this master key is any you
know derived from a user's private key
so like everything is so protected that
any of the camera and you know app owner
knows this this key to decrypt the video
content so that's that's the first thing
like a user centric imagine it because
we have such a you know very you know
kind of complete complicated about this
and design for this key exchange
protocol we can enable like entering
encryption very easily so that all the
encryption are created the same you know
what usually you have this client to
server encryption meaning like someone
sitting in the middle issue the key to
the client you should key to the server
then they can talk right
but the vulnerability here is this guy
sits in the middle who can you know
decrypt all the communications between
these two sets and know what you're
talking about but into an encryption is
different like a gating a radio of this
man in the middle by having this to just
talking enough interactively and also
securely so definitely we have this
end-to-end encryption like a baked into
lots of parts so for you can so that's a
that's the second one so the third one
is the ID so I'm not sure how familiar
you guys are you know with the ID I just
that's why I prepared facing like a two
slides to explain what is the ID and how
we use it so if you look at like the
trust
the web right so there are basically two
motives why is like a PKI basically you
have like a try structure where the SIA
sits on the route so everybody trusts to
see it right then everybody can visit
for like a new website they'd never done
before because the catacombs ways like a
certificate in science by a CA that you
trust so this is like a very centralized
way so everybody tries to see a another
way to build trust is called a web of
trust I think before we have some
technology called a PGP but today we can
use the ID to realize a very similar
like a type of idea basically a trust be
Beatrice see the HRC so that's a very
simple idea of you hi we have a trust so
tid is such a technology it's very
simple
so it's just a key value store right so
the key is like a D ID and value is the
ID doc so how does it the ID look like
so you think we look at this this string
which is di di oh one two three four
five six
you coming with to certain three parts Y
schema D ID of course it's D ID and Y is
measured this is basically I Oh
different blocks Ian's have different
kind of prefix so we reserved IO file
tax but there are other block streams we
can also do the ID and less part is just
a mess or specific identifiers could be
you know cause your public key could be
you know just like a new ID number
yeah new you ID number as well so how
this like the D ID can be you know link
to our tid doc which is know like this
looks like this just food counted off
made our information so it's going
through a process called a resolution so
resolution is more much more like a
pianist
type of idea it goes through two layers
so the first layer is you have the
string you go to a service called a
universal resolver it points you to the
right blotching right so you just like I
oh okay go to aisle tax collection if
this is sov okay it goes to a sovereign
blockchain
right so that's layer 1 layer 2 is once
you land it on their specific blockchain
so you're going to do Micah you know
going to get the ID talk through this
identifier so the block thing we look at
this 1 2 3 4 5 6 9 10
and get you back like the right document
yeah
so it's as simple as yes right so by
having this there are full nice
properties of course it's desexualize
because you're not everybody can launch
a div and reaper can't do it and also
it's verifiable I wish to the next slide
and now reasonable because you know it's
tied to your private key it's same as
you know you give the private key of
Bitcoin to another guy that's it's good
happen right resolvable like I just
described so once you have this really
dark you know you look into the dark you
find like an information that might make
sense to you for example so what's the
manufacturer to your idea right who this
belongs to you what's the metadata of
this product and mostly importantly they
come up with some idea called a
verifiable credential especially like a
credential like a claim for example I
claim I'm a PhD from your Waterloo right
then this credential gets signed by you
what do right by the exact like the
party who can issue this type of proof
then you carry this all the time with
you
you mean like the device and you can
prove to people okay I this device was
manufactured you know by this
manufacturer and this device has
insurance basically from this insurance
provider so this all type of thing goes
to the d-r-e doc so this is like a man
party for digital train we are having
here so the purpose of of doing the idea
in digital training especially we want
to make sure all the attributes all the
information about you can is verifiable
in a cryptography way right so that's
why you know so that's why we have a
towel deployed on the block students
that manage all the you know D ID
registration the registration lots of
things and we have you can to basically
provision this D ID when the first time
gets set up then we then you can can
just request pcs like a verifiable
credentials from different parties one
for a manufacturer one from you know
insurance provider and another one from
probably like a storage provider as well
right that way I think we won't make a
you can't be heavier or you can vary
a test law and verifiable just to fight
against some you know hacks some
security issues over there so that's a
search technology what you have in this
small camera and lastly I think that
will come to light a very interesting
part about the storage right everybody
has a desire to store the data somewhere
on so that's why I like a story to have
a very strong requirement so like the
format I won't have here is like a
requirement and asks for the IPF
community right and I do have two
scenarios let me do them one by one so
the first scenario is basically user
will do this so the camera have a motion
detector
it says something's moving it'll be
records I don't know 20 seconds and then
upload this encrypted video clip back to
the cloud or ipfs you know secure way
and this information stating on the
cloud or ipfs can any access and user of
course can grant access to their trust
walls you know family members friends
you know people who they trust and also
this like a fire intention should be you
know customizable by users preference
for example like we have 7 days 14 days
and 30 days like a retention for user to
choose for now the first implementation
we use s3 so it different like looks
like this but we are doing like we're
actually in parking where it's like a
rich
trying to see how can we you know also
have a very similar concept plot put on
the ipfs so I think I do have three
questions right I would happy to you
know do more interaction after you know
and I know this presentation so the
first one is like I recommended setup so
I see like a two or maybe even three
type of state hat we could have so why
is like a user have not like a network
step storing services city and home
which runs ipfs software so by having
this the user can actually have the
video record goes to their local mass
but still he will be able to access a
video auto out of her maybe him he's
like a home network right because you
know IGFs is such a good you know kind
of CDF and type of technology so that's
that's the first one or
she was set up like on our own s3 and
also running some ipfs you know you
front all this s3 and to serve for the
user or should we just use a pinning
service like a pinata
I think I like Kylie and me we talked
about this when we when we were doing
like a Berkeley he'd have like probably
two months ago so that's what right so
so so that's that's one thing III need
to ask the ipfs community the second one
is authentication possible to get access
to files I have a like a universe rate
we explained before and here is a good
point like basically even encrypted this
leader data is kind of sensitive and
private so can we build like a
permission to overlay on top of like a
very open PGP ipfs network right so for
example I any trust this few ipfs nodes
who can't you know relay my radio
content files so I can access everywhere
yeah can we do that
i I don't know the certain one is like
the file rent engine because you know
this video data is huge I can show you a
mix slide which we have an estimation is
huge we don't want like keep the data
there forever right so we want purge
your data maybe seven days 30 days I
don't know but the during way like a
weekend if it's a cache we can you know
sit is TTL with cash to the you know
seven days or 14 days right do you have
a very similar concept in the IP address
network yeah that's that's a cert so
moving on to the second scenario I I
want you know definitely like a new
feature we want build a shareable
storage so the idea is very much like a
YouTube or maybe tik-tok but in you know
in the smart home scenario basically
user decide to share some very funny
video or whatever video publicly so he
will just decrypt everything and put it
on ipfs then share the cid to like ah
you know or something like with hashtags
and other people can retrieve this cid
to see the videos you know they are
interesting and of course I see ipfs as
a very interesting like a flow system
that I mean like a code wait
we'll eventually disappeared no one
cares but the hot ones will stay which
is good but women you know really
looking to the side here I felt like a -
very challenging things I I don't have a
solution for so the first one is is this
fast enough right so think about it if
you want to use YouTube or maybe keep
talk you definitely you want open apps
app then you wanna see is it like the
moving or maybe like a video clips right
away but like my experience as a
ipfs user is it's very slow for the
first time is loaded load out of the
content yeah so either in a way like we
can do privilege either anyway like we
can improve like a user experience I
think that's that's a very also
interesting topic we should talk about
and the second thing is I know IPS is
very open so there's no censorship at
all but in this scenario we do use some
type of censorship or maybe filtering
may be comparing a control right now
whatever you call it because you say
this is like a very family style like an
app you will be probably using with your
kids you're in a wife your husband is
the one you care about and you don't
want some you know some random content
they just show up in your app which
might be not so user friendly either
away like we can do that not not too
sure so yeah yeah so that's another ask
to the IP address community yeah you
know despite this given very like a
technical challenges we will do see like
a strong requirement for the storage as
you can cruise so we have this
projection which is basically like a
linear as with these invested so each of
the UK users will consume roughly one
gigabyte of storage for like a cylinders
rolling store on video so let's say we
have like a one user
he will just use one gigabyte of storage
so if we have one sound a user that's 1
TB take a bite off like a storage right
1 million user which is not something
too hard because we talked with this
camera partner like they said you know
one being in newest cameras in the US
market in the past 12 months the head
will consume like a 1 pickup out of
storage size
so that's why I do say like like like
the value you know of this ipfs and fire
: especially if you can you know provide
the centralization at the same time
because if they because the effective
and also performant so that's that's
like a huge amount you can 2.0
definitely like a we you can want is you
know about to get out the door probably
in two three weeks definitely wants and
you can't use each of you guys to you
know have a try and give us some
feedback but you can 2.0 is also on the
way we want do something very similar
but you know different form factors out
door to obey or maybe implore for
officers and also we want bloomed in
some new technologies we have like a
secure element
it's like secured holo wallet how do we
our wallet right basically a store the
private key in the in the security
elements and decentralized networking in
Fry's another thing we are looking into
we want to remove this PGP layer which
is kind of centralized although it's
called p2p bus is centralized and
certifies confidential computing we want
to enable AI and compute over encrypted
data that's so many things we want to
accomplish you can 2.0 yeah so the
long-term vision right so we did say
like a ipfs and a five coin as the
storage layer for IOT Internet of Trust
things which is in the center of the you
know the text stack we're saying here
let let me like a briefly describe this
tech stack so we do see like a the
blockchain as a you know root of trust
sitting down on the on the bottom very
button layer which is something we
already have you know beauty and
launched in the past two years and the
middleware have it like a three very
critical parts and the centralized
storage will be one of them and we did
say like a fire coin and ifs will be
like you know in a co player for this
decentralized storage in the next I
don't know one to three years and other
two components we are working on why is
like a decentralized identity and wise
confidential computing and then on the
third layer we can talk about you know
two's API is used it's basically like a
presentation layer for the photo button
you
and then we can be like a you know
trusted data trust devices on the very
top so while we are you know layering up
our technologists so we want to use UK
at the first vertical to tap into and to
make it everything work then we can do
like a horizontal like a scaling yeah so
that's that's pretty much about my
presentation so so here's all my
information though privacy at all right
so if you want to get in touch with me I
just you know Kimmy anyway you like okay
so I'm done and I'm open to any
questions awesome thank you so much for
this great presentation we did have a
question from Ricardo I'm gonna read it
to you he said so a lot of deep learning
applications use facial recognition how
do you see using this tech as part of
your overall architecture how do you
guarantee the privacy and security yeah
that's a very good question we have
think a lot about this one so that's why
computational computing could be
something really critical to us because
you know if everything is encrypted
everything is owned by the user then
there's nobody to make the data
computable no matter the AI you do Big
Data there is no way right so that's why
that's why we won't do confidential
computing as a very critical component
here as well and it will be able to read
the encrypted data from this
decentralized storage layer and to
compute some insights you know you know
you know you know security fetching and
privacy preserving fashion so the idea
is to use like uh some enclaves
basically intel has arm has its
technology so it's like a very small
safe box sitting on top on top of your
like hardware chip if you trust Hardware
if you trust unity oh yeah definitely
something like you can't you can't do
but I know this tongue sounds like you
know perfect compared to you know their
knowledge approved but there are some
trade-offs if you want to live their
knowledge proof or if you want to
multi-party computation then that's not
too practical for lots of applications
we have today right it's heavy slow is
limited so this
teehee type of style of confidential
computing basically you have to trust
like an achieve manufacturer being away
right but still if you trust him if you
trust an imperial for example you can
delegate this task to their chips so
they can compute more powerful and
flexible tasks
that's it awesome another question from
Causton is our D IDs mature for gaining
private data especially in the data loss
recovery scenario if you have a special
flavor of the IDS for IO tax yeah but
like I said the ID is actually tied to
the private key the device or the
ownership has right so if you lost your
private key then you lost your identity
but that doesn't matter you can create
another D ID is spacing or cost free so
yeah I look on create as many key ideas
new ways yeah I don't think there is a
way you know similar as find your
password type of feature can be built
into the ID as of now awesome I might be
useful to go back to the the questions
that you had some at risk immunity as
well for people to think about them more
but in cotton had a hand
this is often thank you so much for for
sharing this presentation and it's
really great to see the see the use case
look at the very careful thoughtfulness
you put into making a product that you
know it is a consumer oriented thing
that a lot of people are going to going
to use and if they also need the a lot
of people have been kind of the
mainstream mainstream world and really
rooted in privacy being the key use case
where like this is like the an amazing
you see is because if web freaking at
this right then like that that's solved
like one of the biggest biggest hurdles
you know private video especially kind
of security camera footage or a home
video and so on is about the most
private thing you can get and so that
kind of stuff nailing it and doing it
well in web 3 and and and having that be
a success story can really prove out
tons of use cases it's also really large
files and so being able to do this well
requires a large amount of data storage
requires really fast throughput in
Connexions and so on so it's
these guys really like thank you for
putting this protective storage need I
think this is really helpful for for for
bidding services because they can they
can look at this and think about growing
helping you grow with this race to where
you know thinking about going from
thousands of users to millions of users
it's literally doable for probably you
know single single painting services are
probably in the lower terabyte range at
the moment most most but but starting to
get larger also the faculty network is
now you know the test that on its own is
pushing like around five petabytes
without without incentives once we have
incentives we'll we'll see how things
things change I might my grow to be a
lot larger so this is I think a really
good opportunity right now for penny
services to to help you get started and
especially providing likes fast access
and past approval plus any kind of kind
of developer tooling and developer
experience kind of kind of support and
then as as the needs scale once you
start hitting into the to the high pet
advisor exercise like that's that's when
things like probably become like really
useful and you start like recruiting a
lot of the storage in the network so I
think a one question in around this is
do you think that like you know I think
a lot of the these camera products tend
to limit the amount of storage because
because so expensive to store and serve
and so these things will automatically
do your video every every seven days I
don't know the details on how the
purchasing works there in terms of you
know what are the price points at which
people start storing a lot more but I
imagine that if we can drop the price of
store significantly here people would be
storing a lot more of this of this day
it's kind of like that that uh it was
like coal phenomenon or tin phenomenon
where once the price dropped
significantly a lot of people started
buying a lot more of it yeah I do I
agree so for now right so we have a
pretty user friendly like a pricing plan
here so we can do like a seven day like
a rolling store of the data is just two
dollars per month for lots of people but
if you know 500 in once its lungs can
bring down this you know to one dollar
amount maybe even have a dollar amount
so I think that's amazing you know lots
of people will just be an open brainer
for lots of people
I do agree yes yeah so and so for your
questions yes so for this one
yes I think in terms of the recommended
setup I think this this gonna work
really really well you could you could
go a few of these different routes I
would recommend starting to work with a
pinning service because they they
understand I profess really well the
thing kind of storing it kind of an in
production for a while and then see kind
of how that goes and and you know
there's a bunch of folks here here today
there were a number of crustaceans
earlier encourages you talk to a number
of them and kind of evaluate the the
offerings and and get a sense of like of
with how whether it can meet meet your
needs also imagine that as we as Holcomb
gets rolling we can likely do a bunch at
the archiving for for the larger amounts
of data and tested out it come up as a
pilot pilot pilot use case one of the
key things there is like really making
sure that all the encryption stuff works
extremely well because once once it
starts going into kind of the Falcon
setting where there's miners all over
the world and you know you don't really
know many times you ask why you don't
really know who they are and what not
all of the all the encryption use cases
need to be like really really really
solid so yeah look forward to that use
cases is this fantastic thank you so
much for corporate presenter yes yes
thanks so much for support one yeah I
think for this like a very specific
discussions I will talk to talk with
with product labs we are already - in
talking with few of you guys I think I
have a some very specific ideas around
those topics that's that's should be a
very good you know discussion
yeah and for the for the shareable
search I'd recommend definitely talking
to textile three-box and others who are
working on the kind of the threads I
think it's a perfect use case for this
there's a presentation o today around
how to have these threats and hubs
around singular creating the social use
case where you where you have a number
of different data pieces like the video
the comments the the sharing and so on
and making sure that all of that is kind
of encrypted so that you know all of
this is only shared with the parties
that you want to you want to show that
swift and all of those data structures
can move around through
I throw a fuss now what kind of to all
the folks and I think for everyone
attending I think like the speaker BIOS
and so on can you can reach out to two
speakers okay very cool thank you thank
you and I do see it like that because I
guess it's become like a very open
storage system it poses new challenges
to like cartography as we all right
because before that we have two layers
for protection wise from system layer
basically acts also as the people can
access the file and then encryption
layer for now this this layer first
layer is account basically with any
having Cruiser any one layer for
particular data so Hulk how we do that I
think that's a challenge also to the
crypto research but that's that's a very
interesting like I would be very happy
to see the paradigm shift like ipfs and
Falcone is bringing to the to the
community very excited yeah I think the
closest thing that that I've seen on
those lines pinata
I think that that Ober has written a lot
of good good articles about kind of
private or I'm not quite sure what he
called them because they weren't fold
private networks on ipfs but they were
kind of sub sub networks or topic based
networks where you have you're not using
the public IP FS DHT but you're using a
a private DHT for a topic but you
published the private the private key so
that other people interested in that
topic can join if you do would really
want to a like a swarm that only has
kind of permission folks like that
that's an interesting place to explore
and I can imagine that's the sort of
sort of service that I haven't seen
popping up yet in the IP of s network of
like either permission gateways or kind
of infra private swarms for very
sensitive use cases but the sort of
thing that I could see happening more
and more that might support you know
very sensitive things like I don't know
private video yeah cool and I think your
your earlier question of should I run my
own infrastructure should I use a
pinning service or or maybe you had one
other option there it really depends on
kind of the tooling that you can get
like
whether whether you can kind of do a
division of responsibilities and then
get more time back to focus on the next
set of tools and applications you want
to build or if you want you know kind of
the hands-on customization of of
tweaking and optimizing things yourself
I bet there's a lot of people on this
call who would love to talk to you so
hopefully they'll be sending lots of
emails to your email and specifically
about storing terabytes worth of
security cam footage
yeah thanks Larry we are definitely very
open to work with you guys we are small
so we won't focus on the things like we
want to focus on but we definitely like
when you need your help on the storage
side